fix: SA violation fixes and simplification for idle task length restrictions (#1227)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Kernel: MISRA.md

   because data storage buffers are implemented as uint8_t arrays for the
   ease of sizing, alignment and access.

#### Rule 14.3

MISRA C-2012 Rule 14.3: Controlling expressions shall not be invariant.

_Ref 14.3_

>  - The `configMAX_TASK_NAME_LEN` and `taskRESERVED_TASK_NAME_LENGTH` values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `configMAX_TASK_NAME_LEN` and `taskRESERVED_TASK_NAME_LENGTH` are
  evaluated to constants at compile time and may vary based on the build configuration.
```

   constant at compile time however can vary depending on build configuration.
   This condition takes into account the build configuration of the system.

#### Rule 18.1

MISRA C-2012 Rule 18.1: A pointer resulting from arithmetic on a pointer operand
shall address an element of the same array as that pointer operand.

_Ref 18.1_

>  - The array access is limited to in-bounds values as the null termination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Array access remains within bounds since either the null terminator in
   the IDLE task name will break the loop, or the loop will break normally
   if the array size is smaller than the IDLE task name length.
```
